docs: update docs (#3223)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/contracts/compiling.md

This will output a JSON [artifact](./artifacts.md) for each contract in the project to a `target` folder containing their artifact, which you can use for deploying or interacting with your contracts.

> `aztec-cli` uses a `noir_wasm` by default for compiling contracts. This helps reduce the developer overhead of maintaining compatible versions of `nargo`. You can still use `nargo` to compile contracts with `aztec-cli` by specifying the compiler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aztec-cli` uses `noir_wasm` by default for compiling contracts. This helps reduce the developer overhead of installation and maintaining the noir compiler, `nargo`. However, if you prefer, you can use `nargo` to compile contracts with `aztec-cli` as so:
```
